Fixed:

For developers: .gitattributes added to prevent pesky line endings messages when editing files.

Pretty S Meter position when display collapsed, etc

Custom Window Title now obeys settings

QuickRecord and playback now works!

17/10/2022:
Improved further start-up time. Mostly by CPU monitor on a background thread as it can take upwards of 5 seconds to create,
and this is no reason to hang the loading process. The CPU % display is not important enough not to defer on a background thread.

"PowerSDR" is a trademark owned by FlexRadio. All references to this in consumer-facing code should be dropped.
I don't much like the name 'Thetis', either. I think a nice name would be 'CoolSDR' or similar. Looking
to change repo name to this in the future.

Running PVS-Studio on the project reveals many, many bugs. Started to fix them, gradually.

Other thoughts:
This program tries too hard to be all things to all people. Unnec' complications in code, therefore.
Seriously look at making the program ONLY for Hermes Lite and some ANAN hardwares.

The whole resizing thing is broken. It doesn't help that there are more than 1 layout modes. If the code
used proper .NET anchors and alignment, there would be *no* code in the resize method at all. As well
as being a lot cleaner (no code is the best code, after all!) the thing would then resize smoothly for
all resolutions/scale modes.

The 'console.cs' is hundreds of thousands of lines long. This needs a major refactor into a number of
dedicated modules, eg resize module, audio module, drawing module, and so on. And whilst we are about it,
I see no reason to have several rendering modes. Accelerated (DirectX) seems to be the only way to go in 2022.





15/02/2021:
Rx audio volume does not obey audio slider setting when powered on. Fixed.


18/11/2020:
Added 'Refresh' button to VAC1 so you don't have to restart Thetis when, say, a new USB device is
plugged in. Note: You must manually push the button. There is currently no 'auto refresh' performed;
although there is no reason it could not be added later.

[note: all tagged with 'PVS' if you need to find them in the code.]
Ran static analysis checks on PortAudioForThesis. Applied many fixes.
Ran static analysis checks on WDSP. Applied many fixes. 



----------------------------------------------
October 2020:
Thetis hangs forever (deadlock) when trying to close application (especially when audio / network in trouble)

----------------------------------------------
Updated to latest version of PortAudio

Updated all to Visual Studio 2019. I was only concerned with the x64 release: SSE2 instructions are automatically used on the latest MSVC compiler chain.

Fixed application not exiting when bad version Dlls are loaded.	
Added useful diagnostic info when DLLs are not found and/or cannot be loaded.

Added versioning to all DLLS in the project (PortAudioForThetis.dll, wdsp.dll and ChannelMaster.dll.
Added more progress messages during (long!) program start-up.

BUG: VAC checkbox not saved on program exit.
Improved applicaton shutdown time. Now will not hang forever if you turn off the radio whilst Thetis is still running!

red square top left?????

Fixed crazy parsing of version from the TitleBar (I put square brackets in there and broke the database update, ffs!)

Changed many thread priorities in order to try to reduce (many) audio glitches.
NOTE TO SELF: VAC still sometimes go crazy in TX and makes you sound like 'The Voice of The Mysterons'. This needs an urgent fix!

Removed many stupid warnings when compiling some of the C-stuff.

Changed splash screen so it's clear which version you are running.

Added Launcher to installer. Be clear it's only any good on the only version I distribute (64-bit) due to hard-coded path:
I gave up after several fruitless hours trying to do it 'The Wix way'

Added capability to auto-save the SetPeak field in PureSignal. My Hermes-Lite 2 requires a value of more like 0.2 than 0.4,
and it wouldn't save this before.

Master AF volume now works as follows with VAC:

In RX, master AF really is the master gain: changes volume overall.
In TX, master AF affects how loud the TX monitor is.
Mute button now works with VAC.

05/02/2021
Mute button not 'remembering' it's muted after transmission made - fixed.
Left click VFOB to use that screen area for other things if VFOB not in use.



